Added example usage of elixir sdk (#90)
aeternity/aepp-sdk-elixir: README.md

iex> Core.Contract.deploy(client, source_code, init_args)
{:ok, "ct_2sZ43ScybbzKkd4iFMuLJw7uQib1dpUB8VDi9pLkALV5BpXXNR"}
```

> ## How to use it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Usage
```

> If you are wondering how you can use in your elixir project, check [here](https://github.com/aeternity/aepp-sdk-elixir/tree/master/examples/usage.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An installation and usage guide can be found [here](https://github.com/aeternity/aepp-sdk-elixir/tree/master/examples/usage.md).
```
